# TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

## Definitions

* "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
  and distribution.

* "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner that is granting the
  License.

* "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
  other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
  control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
  "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
  direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
  otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
  outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

* "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
  exercising permissions granted by this License.

## License Grant

Licensor hereby grants You a non-assignable, non-transferable,
commercial, royalty free, without the rights to create derivative
works, non-exclusive license, all with accordance with the terms set
forth and other legal restrictions set forth in 3rd party software
used while running Software.  3. Support. Software is provided under
an AS-IS basis and without any support, updates or
maintenance. Nothing in this Agreement shall require Licensor to
provide You with support or fixes to any bug, failure, mis-performance
or other defect in the Software.

## Trademarks

This License does not grant permission to use the trade names,
trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as
required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of
the Software

## Disclaimer of Warranty

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, Licensor
provides the Software on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without
limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely
responsible for determining the appropriateness of using the Software
and assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions
under this License.

## Limitation of Liability

In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including
negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law
or agreed to in writing, shall Licensor be liable to You for damages,
including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential
damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of
the use or inability to use the Software (including but not limited to
damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or
malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even
if Licensor has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

## Severability

If any provision of this License is invalid or unenforceable under
applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
the remainder of the terms of this License

## Governing Law

This License is governed by the laws of the State of Texas and the
intellectual property laws of the United States of America.
